(Episode 26)
Is it a pneumothorax?
(Pneumothorax, air or gas in the pleural space)
We need to do a thoracentesis.
(Thoracentesis, inserting a needle in the chest for treatment purpose)
Ma'am, can you feel this?
Try making fists with your hands.
Please try again.
Can you feel your legs?
Try lifting your legs.
How deep was the water?
It's certainly over 20m.
How long was she in there?
About two hours and a half.
From what I can tell,
she probably has dysbarism rather than an air embolism.
We have to move her for hyperbaric oxygen treatment now.
(Air embolism, air bubbles blocking a vein or artery)
(Dysbarism, caused by a sudden decrease of pressure)
(Emergency Medical Center)
(Geoje Jeil Hospital)
Sell this house?
This is your grandma's house.
If you sell it,
where would she live?
She can go to a sanatorium.
She'll probably die soon anyway.
How could you say that?
Are you praying for her to die?
A doctor on the hospital ship who is a total stranger to her...
even gave her an enema.
You haven't even held her hand once in 20 years.
How dare you ask me to sell this house?
Where are you going?
I just wanted to get some fresh air.
Can you come with me to the hospital?
What do you mean?
Choon Soon was in an accident.
I'm too scared to go there by myself.
My husband is out of town right now.
No.
I'm not in the mood for that.
Geun Ja.
It's Geun Hee!
I said Choon Soon was in an accident.
She's paralyzed now.
She may not be able to walk again.
What difference does it make if I go?
I'm not a miracle worker.
I can't make her walk again!
You wench.
Choon Soon acted that way...
for a reason.
You're no longer our friend.
I don't want to see you ever again.
(Geoje Jeil Hospital)
- Well? - She's stable.
Now, it depends on whether the paralysis goes away.
Patients are usually paralyzed below the spine.
She can't even move her arms.
There was a lot of nitrogen in her bloodstream.
Do you think she'll be able to walk again?
We'll have to see.
Are you okay?
What?
Can you not walk?
Can you no longer walk?
Doctor.
On Ja.
Wait.
Yes. I'm okay.
Oh dear. My dear Choon Soon.
You poor thing, Choon Soon.
You're okay now.
Choon Soon.
Oh dear...
- That was so very dramatic. - It was.
I'm so glad she's able to walk again.
This is why we became doctors, isn't it?
Well done saving the patient.
- Let's go. - Where?
This is really upsetting.
You said you'd buy dinner and you forgot?
- Oh, I... - Is it on or not?
Will you join us?
You haven't eaten, have you? Come with us.
Doctor Song's treat. She'll tell stories too.
Do you mind if he comes?
No. I think we should go alone.
Too bad.
You should get going then.
I have plans.
How will you get there?
I'll drive you to wherever we can.
No, I don't have to go far. I can walk.
Enjoy your dinner.
- Where are we going? - Somewhere nice.
You said we'd go somewhere nice, and you bring me here?
Do you not want to eat here?
You like this place.
Can I order something expensive?
What do you like?
- I'll take you to the airport. - I prefer it this way.
Are you sure you don't want to see Doctor Go?
I prefer Sewoon Hospital.
My dad's brother arranged to have me admitted.
He's in a different department, but my mom's brother works there.
Okay, then.
Who'll meet you at the airport?
Jeong Rim.
I'll call you when I settle into my hospital room.
What... What's this?
Young Eun's in Geoje Island?
Yes, Mom.
"Yes, Mom"?
Is something wrong?
Something's wrong with you, not me.
Why is Young Eun there?
"Hospital ship, Geoje."
"Drawings full of humanism"?
Do you think this suits her at all?
- Mom. - What's she doing there?
Why do I even ask? The answer's obvious.
Is she clinging onto you?
And you took her back again like a fool?
It's not like that.
Then send her off to Seoul right now.
Why won't you answer? Are you getting second thoughts?
This is why I call you a fool.
If you can't, I will.
I will make sure she stays away from you for good this time.
- You can't. - I can't? Why can't I?
Did you give into her already?
She's sick.
Is she really? What's wrong with her?
Is she dying of something?
She has leukemia.
What? She has what?
So...
Isn't it a lie?
Mom.
That's even more reason to let her go.
She broke your heart so many times in the past.
Do you want to nurse her too?
Pretend you don't know for now. I have to go.
Is it true?
Aren't you Young Eun?
What are you doing here?
Are you sick?
No, yes, well...
Are you sick or are you not?
I have to go. I'm busy.
Was that why she was so flustered?
[VIU Ver] Episode 26 Hospital Ship "Do You Have No Care For Loving Me?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
What a mess.
- Who do you mean? - My brother's ex.
She's too old to be doing that.
Is it okay for someone who's attached to be here?
My engagement's still two weeks away.
I'm not yet attached.
What? You saw whom at the club?
Choi Young Eun. Don't you know who that is?
Do you think I'm senile? Of course, I know who she is.
(Hyun)
Hyun, guess whom I saw at the club tonight.
The pot's calling the kettle black.
She was there too,
and she's complaining her fiance was there.
Mom.
Okay, I'll put her back on.
- Don't you dare tell him. - Why not?
Do as I say before I give you half the dowry.
Okay?
Okay. Just give me my phone.
That idiot. He's more than just an idiot.
I can't believe he's my son.
My goodness.
Come over so we can visit Dad.
Bring your fiance.
- Are you crazy? - Ji Eun.
When will you stop caring for him?
I'm doing this for you, not for Dad.
I want you to be happy.
How long do you think the lie will last?
You're marrying him for love.
You should be honest with him, then.
Only then can he return the favor.
Ji Eun.
I'll think about it.
There.
Now, let's get to the point.
You spared me some of your very precious time...
and offered to buy me dinner.
That means you have an announcement. Am I wrong?
You're right.
What is it? A proposal?
How did you know?
So this is how it feels.
I knew it was a joke, and yet...
my heart pounded fast.
This part of me has been acting weirdly lately.
I like Geoje Jeil Hospital very much.
I want to own it.
What I want even more than the hospital...
is your mom.
If I could, I'd like to make...
your mom mine, but...
But not you.
In order to marry someone, you need to love the person.
But I...
don't have any intention to do so. I'm...
Don't apologize.
It's too early to say you're sorry.
Do you have no intention of loving me,
or do you not care for love in general?
Which is it?
Both.
I don't care about love,
but even if I changed,
I wouldn't feel anything for you.
How can you be so sure?
You sound like a surgeon with a perfect protocol.
How can you be so sure...
I'm not the one?
Tell me.
What's this based on?
Go on.
Do you not know?
Shall I tell you?
It's because you love someone else.
You know who that is.
That's why you're so sure I'm not the one.
Who is it? Kwak Hyun?
No. It's not him.
Don't turn away. Look at me.
Look straight at me, and say it.
- Is it really not him? - No.
What on earth is he, then?
What does he mean to you?
A colleague and friend.
"A colleague and friend"?
Why won't you tell him Ms. Choi isn't sick?
You should if he's your friend. Why?
You wouldn't want a friend to be duped.
Or end up ruining his life because of a witch.
But still, you have...
no intention of telling him.
- That's... - Because...
you don't want him to feel ashamed?
No.
You don't want to look like a jealous woman.
You don't want the man you like...
to think less of you.
You're making that face, and you say he's a colleague?
I think...
what you're doing to him...
is worse than what you're doing to me.
You idiot. Why did you...
Why did you say that?
I don't get it. Why did you tell her that?
(Fractured hip)
Hello, sir.
This is Dr. Kwak Hyun from the hospital ship.
Do you have a fever?
Okay.
Please call me if you have any problems.
Is this the daughter of Mo Mak Jeom?
How are you feeling? Do you have a fever?
No.
After taking some medicine,
I feel better.
I still...
have the flu.
Did your mother take an enema?
I see.
If she has any problems, don't hesitate to call me.
No, you can call anytime.
Okay.
You can call this number.
Okay, goodbye.
(Mo Mak Jeom)
Work is over.
What are you doing?
I have some extra time.
I'll go visit Ms. Mo.
She needs to take an enema.
I'm worried she has bedsores.
Her daughter is with her.
When there's no one, you can take care of her but...
Bedsores aren't easy to take care of.
Besides, she didn't pick up the phone since yesterday.
You forgot to take some gauze.
I'll get it. I'll come with you.
Seriously?
You're acting like Doctor Schweitzer.
I should act like Nightingale.
I'll bring it.
- Hello. - Hello.
How have you been?
How is Ms. Mo?
Who are you?
Remember me? I'm the doctor from the hospital ship.
Do you...
know me?
- Ma'am. - Let go of me.
Doctor.
What's going on?
Geun Ja.
Goodness.
What's going on?
Hey.
- Geun Ja... - Ma'am.
Who are you?
How do you...
know my name?
Do you have Alzheimer's?
You have a sick mother. What is going on?
Goodness.
- Ma'am. - Geun Ja.
Ma'am?
- Ma'am? - Geun Ja.
Ma'am.
(Hospital Ship)
For the hospital ship's family...
- Cheers. - Cheers.
He traveled all his life without a home.
This is how he passes away.
Patient Choi Young Eun at hematology-oncology.
She wasn't admitted to the hospital?
What a fancy ceremony.
Near Jangseungpo Port,
a Chinese boat...
What's going on?